feat(lb): add private lb content (#2005)
scaleway/docs-content: network/load-balancer/concepts.mdx

<Concept>

## Private Load Balancer

A Load Balancer is defined as private when you choose the "private" [accessibility](#accessibility) option during Load Balancer creation. A Private Load Balancer has the following characteristics:

- It has no public IP address for sending requests or initiating TCP connections.
- It only listens to requests or connections sent to its interface(s) on the [Private Network(s)](/network/vpc/concepts/#private-networks) it is attached to. It is not accessible over the public internet.

> - Like a public Load Balancer, it can be attached to upto 8 different Private Networks.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Like a public Load Balancer, it can be attached to up to eight different Private Networks.
```

- It can be configured or deleted using the Scaleway API, console, CLI, Terraform or other devtools.
- It provides its metrics to [Scaleway Cockpit](/observability/cockpit/concepts/#cockpit), even though there is no traffic.

> - It does not allow the use of a Let's Encrypt [certificate](#certificate) - only imported certificates are supported.

Reviewer 2: @RoRoJ I just thought of a missing limitation: private LB doesn't support multicloud IP addresses since it is not directly connected to the Internet and therefor we cannot guarantee a route to these external backend servers.

Author: Thanks, I added this info

<Concept>

## Private Load Balancer

A Load Balancer is defined as private when you choose the "private" [accessibility](#accessibility) option during Load Balancer creation. A Private Load Balancer has the following characteristics:

- It has no public IP address for sending requests or initiating TCP connections.
- It only listens to requests or connections sent to its interface(s) on the [Private Network(s)](/network/vpc/concepts/#private-networks) it is attached to. It is not accessible over the public internet.
- Like a public Load Balancer, it can be attached to up to eight different Private Networks.
- It can be configured or deleted using the Scaleway API, console, CLI, Terraform or other devtools.
- It provides its metrics to [Scaleway Cockpit](/observability/cockpit/concepts/#cockpit), even though there is no traffic.
- It does not allow the use of a Let's Encrypt [certificate](#certificate) - only imported certificates are supported.

> - It does not support multicloud IP addresses for its backend servers, since it is not directly connected to the Internet so routes to them are not guaranteed.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
- It does not support multicloud IP addresses for its backend servers, since it is not directly connected to the Internet. Routes to them are thus, not guaranteed.
```
